We get back to base camp,
I still gotta write up
this geo field report for Site 42.
You're gonna update the
techniques and methods sheet too, right?
Yeah. Yeah, I'll make sure to include it.
File the report
once you get back to Happy Valley.
And cross-check the--
Hey, do you see that over there?
Where?
Ten o'clock.
What is that?
I don't know. I'm gonna go check it out.
PROTECT THE LEADER
AT ALL COSTS
Taylor, I gotta go monitor
the ionizer cooldown sequence.
Keep an eye out for anything unusual.
Aye, aye, sir.
Happy Valley, Ranger-2.
Ion engine deactivation is complete.
All argon fuel injectors
have been rerouted to the plasma drive
for the final burn.
Copy, Ranger-2.
Deactivation confirmed.
Any issues with the changeover?
Negative. All systems nominal.
Good.
After we authenticate
the final command sequence
for the slingshot from Houston,
we will remotely initiate
the final Earth burn.
Copy that. Ranger-2 out.
Commander Poole, I have
the final fuel consumption estimates...
Message from Dev.
All right. They're checking
the final plasma drive start-up numbers.
We gotta keep everything on track.
Make sure to mirror
that last diagnostic upload to Ranger.
Copy. Transmitting.
Looks like Ranger-2's on target.
Two hours, four minutes till final burn.
Good. All right. I'll be right back.
How's he doing?
I think I must take him to medical bay.
No way. He saw our faces.
When he wakes up in there,
we're gonna be fucked.
If we keep him here, he could die.
Yeah, I don't think we have a choice.
Easy for you to say, Ed.
You're not the one who's gonna go to jail
when he picks you out of a lineup.
I take him.
All right?
Decision final.
What are you gonna say to the doc?
Accident with cargo loader.
Okay. That's good.
And when he wakes up?
We have to cross that bridge
when we get to it.
I'm sure Dima will help out.
He has before.
It will be fine.
I hope so.
We're running out of time, Dale.
Tell us who else is involved
and you are free to go.
Like I told you before,
I don't know anything.
Just let me go.
Please, you gotta stop this.
What you doing?
Increasing CO2 levels in room.
You ever have
carbon dioxide poisoning before, Miles?
Very quickly
it will become hard to breathe.
Your heart rate will increase.
Your head will feel like
it's gonna explode.
And soon, you'll wish it had.
Please don't do this.
Give us the names of those involved,
and we'll stop this right now.
I told you, I don't know anything.
You should start feeling
the effects of the CO2 quite soon.
Please don't do this.
Who were you working with?
Tell us what you know and we'll stop this.
I don't know anything. I swear.
Where are they?
Please. I'm gonna be sick.
Just tell us where they are.
You got some on my shoe!
Please.
I don't know anything. Please.
This isn't working,
and we're running out of time.
We gotta try something else.
Please. Please let me go.
Please, man. I just wanna see my family.
Just let me see my family.
Please.
Miss Madison?
Come in.
Good morning.
Yes?
Sorry.
Eli was wondering
if you'd be able to come to his office.
- Can't it wait?
- He says it's important.
I'm feeling pretty confident
that the security on Happy Valley
has it in hand,
as your people well know,
because my people detected them attempt--
Margo, thank you for coming by.
Hello, Margo.
Director Morozova.
I...
I wish I'd known you were coming.
I would have prepared.
No preparations are necessary.
A nice surprise, isn't it?
Yes.
Yes, it is.
Feels like she and I talk
pretty much every day lately
over this damn thing.
But I haven't seen Irina in person
since Leningrad.
We had the best dinner at that place.
They served that little fried fish
with the mashed potatoes--
- Koryushka.
Honestly, I haven't been able
to stop thinking about it.
Well, I've come to observe
the culmination of our efforts
to bring the asteroid to Earth.
It's gonna be
a special moment for all of us.
Eli tells me you have
settled right back in.
Kinda hard to settle in
when you're followed everywhere you go.
I can imagine.
Well, you don't have to
endure it much longer.
After asteroid has been put on
a correct trajectory for Earth,
you and I are returning to Star City.
Wonderful.
Great.
We need to make sure we don't miss
any contributors to comm latency.
We've run 50 end-to-end tests.
Results match predictions.
Make sure
we get those test reports back ASAP.
- Excuse me.
- Yes, sir.
What's going on?
Irina Morozova is here.
In Houston?
She was supposed to be in Moscow
with Korzhenko when the burn happens.
You know, maybe it's about
this sabotage rumor.
Whatever it is, we need to get
word to our mutual acquaintance.
Have you been in touch with him?
I sent him the latest
kinetic impact calculations this morning,
but I haven't heard back.
He's not answering his phone.
You may need to go to him in person.
We're less than two hours away to burn.
- I can't--
- Aleida, please.
I'll cover for you while you're gone.
I'd go myself,
but I've got a lot of eyes on me.
Okay.
Tell him he needs to leave Houston.
It's not safe for him here anymore.
He's not gonna listen.
Make him.
Please.
Commander.
Any update on Miles Dale?
He's not talking yet.
But I think
we should be making progress soon.
Keep questioning him.
My gut says
that he's involved in this somehow.
And any news about
the missing equipment downstairs?
No, ma'am. Just a lot of people pissed off
at being searched repeatedly.
I want everyone
who doesn't have a mission-essential job
to be confined to their quarters
until this is all over.
And continue the sweep of the base.
If someone really is planning
something against Ranger,
we need to figure it out fast.
Yes, ma'am.
Team two, start mods at nine through 15.
Team three, mods 16 through 22.
Team one, you're with me.
What's going on?
You all need to return
to your quarters immediately.
- Why?
- Orders of base commander.
Mandatory curfew.
All non-essential personnel
are restricted to quarters.
Bullshit.
Take him.
- Let's go.
- Get your hands off of me.
Return to your quarters
immediately if you are not...
Non-essential workers are to stay
in lockdown for the next 36 hours.
Return to your quarters immediately.
I repeat, non-essential workers,
stay in your rooms.
Check-in's at 4:00.
I'm-- I'm not here for a room.
Do you know which room
Sergei Bezukhov is in?
That was so sad.
What was sad?
Wha-- He stayed here for a few weeks.
I figured he was here
for some sort of business thing.
Yeah, we do get businessmen
every once in a while.
He was from Yugoslavia, I think,
or maybe it was Sweden.
And yesterday he just...
...ups and shoots himself.
He shot himself?
It's such a shame.
He was just a--
Seemed like a real sweet guy.
Always had a smile.
Water?
You were just down here
hiding among us this whole time?
We all have things to hide, no?
Mr. Black Market.
My friend was very helpful.
Hey, buddy.
How you holding up?
Please, man, you gotta believe me.
I don't know what it is you want to know.
God, I want to believe you.
I really do.
That you're just an upstanding individual
caught in the middle
of an unfortunate situation.
Amanda?
Yeah.
What is this?
We know all about
your little import-export business.
Which makes your lovely little wife
an accessory.
Accessory?
She's looking at five years.
Felony, theft, and distribution.
- Son of a bitch.
- And your kids.
Hey, you stay away from my kids.
No, don't worry about them.
They'll be fine.
Child Protective Services
will take good care of them--
Hey, you--
Hey, come here, you motherfucker!
Hey! Fuck! Fuck!
No, please, man.
Please, man, not my family.
Please don't do that.
Don't do that.
No, please, please.
Please, not my family. Please.
I didn't do this to your family, Miles.
You did.
No, no, no.
You want your family safe.
So do we.
Help me out here.
Fuck me.
I can't. I just--
You tell us what we need to know,
we'll keep them safe.
You'll all be safe.
If you help me out.
Okay.
They're--
They're on sub-level four.
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
Motherfucker.
Fuck.
Auto-sequences are now executing step 785.
Happy Valley to Ranger.
When we get down there
I want every inch searched.
Missions check.
No, don't worry about it now.
Pick it up and go.
Wait until Scott's out of here...
How did they even access sub-level four?
I thought we sealed off the lower floors.
Someone circumvented the lockout.
Let's go.
Get extra rounds.
We're not coming back here.
All right, let's move.
All right... make sure you got comms.
You good?
It's Mayday, sir.
Jesus, they're coming.
Spread out.
Yes, sir.
It's another Ops-Com.
They built another fucking Ops-Com.
My God.
Is that even possible?
In terms of physics,
can someone steal an asteroid?
Technically? Yes.
If they had been able to take control
of Ranger's
flight computer and lengthen burn,
they could have slowed down the asteroid
long enough
to change its trajectory into Mars' orbit.
Don't they know
what we're trying to do here?
We're trying to change the world!
And they're trying to
line their goddamn pockets.
Look, Eli, there is good news here.
We've regained control
of Ranger's discriminator
and we're back on track for Earth burn.
Good.
Will, take charge of this. Please.
Do whatever you need to do
to make sure this asteroid comes home.
Yes, sir. I'm on it.
I got one of them!
Where are the rest of you?
Fuck!
Answer the question.
Bishop, that's enough.
Where are they?
That's enough!
What the hell is wrong with you?
What are these foreigners doing in here?
This is against protocols and--
Quiet!
While Commander Cho is ill,
I am in command!
Return to your stations!
Yes, sir.
It's over, isn't it?
- It appears that way.
- Shit.
Ranger-2 telemetry reading nominal.
The revised trajectory calcs
are coming in from Ames.
Good. Now that we've regained
control of Ranger's discriminator,
we need to uplink that data ASAP.
Gonna take at least four minutes
to get to them.
Okay, so in order for 2003LC
to be at the proper speed
when it reaches Mars
for the slingshot maneuver to Earth...
Ranger will need to burn its engines for...
20 minutes, 14.271 seconds.
Copy that.
Commence uplink to Ranger-2.
Commencing uplink to Ranger-2.
Once the signal is
transmitted from Happy Valley to Ranger,
and authenticated
via our discriminator box,
we have to keep an eye on...
...the rate of argon.
Keeping it low.
Excuse me.
Did you get hold of him?
We should go to your office.
Aleida.
Can we please just go to your office?
All right. Let's go.
What is it?
We can't be away from MOCR for too long.
What?
That's enough.
...the North Korean delegation.
We really need to talk about
what percentage.
- We should truly--
- What did you do?
Margo.
What did you do?
Whatever you think
- has happened, I would ad--
- Don't fucking handle me.
Not now.
- Please calm yourself.
- Irina, what's going on here?
I think you are under a lot of stress.
And I think you should control yourself.
So why don't you go sit down?
You knew him.
You worked with him for years.
How could you?
How could I what?
Margo, why don't you come sit down?
We can talk about this.
But that's not--
Excuse me.
Really? You can't hold me like this.
What the fuck?
Miles?
Shit, bro.
You okay?
What did you do to him,
you fucking animals?
Man.
Fuck.
Everybody okay?
No, man.
They found ghost ops.
Everybody just ran.
It's over.
Everything we did.
It was all for nothing.
Fucking hell.
Ranger, Happy Valley.
Final engine burn
duration command transmitting.
Confirm acquisition and authentication.
Copy, Happy Valley.
Stand by for confirmation.
Taylor, verify discriminator active.
Discriminator shows active.
Affirmative, Happy Valley.
Command has been authenticated.
Commencing final engine burn checklist.
All systems nominal.
Commander Poole.
Ranger is approaching the burn window.
Copy.
Ranger, Happy Valley.
You are go
for your slingshot burn to Earth.
Copy.
Executing final Ranger-2 Earth burn
in three,
two,
one.
Happy Valley? Ranger-2.
All systems nominal.
We have good burn.
We're burning for Earth, people.
Congratulations.
Maybe we could just
overload the discriminator
by sending multiple commands.
Won't work.
We don't know
the box's new encryption key.
The computer's back in control
of the entire ship.
Without ghost ops,
our hands are tied down here.
Is that a high-gain S-band transmitter?
What are you thinking?
Well, doesn't the M-7 charter
require that any North Korean ujunaut
on a joint mission be able to communicate
privately with their superior officers?
Yes.
For security.
No foreign entity can hear.
Which means we could talk to Massey
on a private channel.
Exactly.
She's the key.
Wait a minute. How-How would that work?
I mean, you just said we don't have
control of the discriminator anymore.
Doesn't matter. We go around it.
If Massey can manually disconnect
the flight deck from the engines,
they won't be able to stop their own burn.
They'd be completely cut off.
You see, they installed
a local command override switch
on Ranger when they were attaching
the new plasma engines.
If she can engage the override
and plug in a transceiver
tuned to our frequency right here,
the only person in control of the burn...
would be me.
We might be back in business, people.
Hold on. But the override
switch is outside the ship.
Sam would have to do an EVA
during the burn.
That's insane.
No, it-it's dangerous,
but it's not impossible.
As long as we can figure out a way
to use the S-band to communicate with her.
Guide her through it.
I can contact Park Chui Moo.
Science officer on mission.
He can give Massey Korean radio.
Do you trust him?
I see good chamber
pressures in all plasma engines.
Fluctuation is well within limits.
Keep checking those pressures.
How's the trajectory?
Massey.
Take.
Yeah?
Hello, Samantha.
Dev?
We need you to go
to the rear cargo bay of Ranger.
We just might have another way
to keep the engines firing,
but it's-- Well, it is-- It's complicated.
Ranger, Happy Valley.
Trajectory looks nominal.
Deceleration rate as predicted.
Commander, I have alert
that cargo bay air lock hatch is open.
Cargo bay? Must be a bad sensor.
Ranger, Happy Valley.
We're also getting a read on
your cargo bay air lock hatch alert.
Bring up camera 37.
Switch to 38.
Jesus.
Is that a North Korean suit?
Where's Massey?
Now keep your breathing steady.
Don't wanna burn too much oxygen.
Easy for you to say.
Now what's your distance from
the override switch access panel?
Six meters and-and closing.
Acceleration from the engine burn
is-is stronger than I thought.
It's trying to pull me off Ranger.
Okay. Be careful.
Now we got about 17 minutes left
until they try to shut off their engines.
It's essential that the override switch
is engaged at that point.
It won't allow them
to stop their own burn.
Copy.
Tether attached.
Translating to the access panel now.
Okay.
And I'm at the override access panel.
All right. Just keep it frosty up there.
Copy. Removing panel.
Oh, my God.
Fuck.
Now under that panel, you'll see
a handle with yellow and black markings.
That's the override switch.
To engage it, you gotta pull it out
to the override position.
Okay. And I can--
I can see an override handle.
I'm gonna pull it out now.
After it's engaged, you just
have to put the transceiver Park gave you
into the RF input and I can control
the engine from down here.
One more time.
Shit.
The override handle won't stay out.
Damn it. Must be spring-loaded to auto.
See if you can secure it with something.
I don't have
a lot of options up here, guys.
Your tether.
My tether.
Okay.
Then I-- then I wouldn't have a tether.
You said you wanted
to be an astronaut, didn't you?
She's at the override switch access panel.
Jesus. She's trying to disconnect us
from the plasma engines.
Why would she do that?
Happy Valley. Ranger.
They are attempting to engage the safety
override so we can't control our engines.
If those engines burn,
even for a few seconds longer
past our 20-minute window,
the asteroid won't turn for Earth.
Palmer, get suited up.
I need you to put a stop to this.
Yes, ma'am. I'm on it.
A moment, Commander?
Any sign of their crew?
Turns out Commander Cho
has been unconscious
in the med bay since this morning.
We think the crew may be holed up
in the North Korean module.
- Have you notified Houston?
- Yeah.
Still waiting on approval.
- Approval for what?
- To go in.
Raise North Korean module.
Yes, Commander.
This is Commander Danielle Poole.
Come in.
- Lee Jung-Gil. Over.
- Lee? Let me talk to Ed.
I know he's in there with you.
- He j-- not here.
- Don't start with me.
Not after all we've been through.
Hi, Bob.
What the hell are you doing?
Well, Dani...
- Ed, this is crazy. You gotta stop this.
- Why?
So you can haul this thing back to Earth
and let Mars wither up and die?
- No, thank you.
- This ain't about Mars.
This is about changing things
for the better on Earth.
Mars is not our home, Ed.
That's where you're wrong, Dani.
My family's here.
My future's here.
See, that's the difference
between you and me.
You're still tied
to that blue little planet.
Of course, I am. We all are.
That is what matters. That is our home.
Not anymore.
Words have no wings
but they can fly a thousand miles.
This is my home.
Mine too.
If those engines burn,
even for a few seconds longer
past our 20-minute window,
the asteroid won't turn for Earth.
Palmer, get suited up.
I need you to put a stop to this.
They're trying to lock us out
of our own ship?
Well, technically they're engaging
a diagnostic and checkout engine protocol,
but-- Yeah. Same idea.
I don't care what we have to do.
We must stop them.
If they override the flight computer,
there is nothing Ranger can do.
They go around us. We go around them.
What do you mean?
We upload a shutdown command that
bypasses the safeguards
of the nuclear fusion reactor controls
and turn off the engines.
Right at the end of the Earth burn.
I don't understand.
They can't burn to Mars
if they don't have the gas.
Ranger's flight deck doesn't
have authorization to execute that,
but we can do it from here.
And if we send up code
that commands Ranger's reactors
to stop powering the engines,
they'll be forced to shut down.
With the communication lag,
any command we send
would take five minutes to get to Ranger.
Then we should get started.
All right.
This has to work. I mean...
Margo?
Wernher and I used to sit up here.
We'd have lunch every few days.
He'd tell me what I was doing right.
He'd tell me what I was doing wrong.
Try to give me advice.
Usually just listen to me complain.
I was standing right there.
Where you are now.
After everything came out
about what he did during the war.
I asked him if he knew.
About the camps.
The deaths.
I'll never forget what he said.
"Progress is never free.
There is always a cost."
You're not him.
No.
But maybe a part of me is.
Margo, we really need your help in there.
This is not a place for feelings.
Just the facts.
Wernher made it seem like...
he had no choice.
But there is always a choice.
Just like you said.
That asteroid comes to Earth,
then the Mars program is dead.
Just like Sergei said.
Maybe not this year, but soon.
People up there,
they don't care about Mars.
- They just care about themselves.
- Maybe.
But if they succeed, then NASA, Roscosmos,
and the M-7 have no choice
but to continue investing in Happy Valley
and the future of the space program.
We can't let them throw away
everything we've built.
Are you saying what I think you're saying?
"Progress is never free."
Sam, what's your status?
Okay. I'm finishing securing the tether.
Okay.
Override handle has been secured
in the up position.
Okay, now there should be
an electrical connector labeled
J-13 EXT RF to the port side
of the override switch.
That's where you can connect the P13
connector coming off your transceiver.
- Do you see that, Sam?
- Copy.
Okay. You should be able to receive
engine telemetry now.
Signal confirmed.
As soon as I input the timing
for the Mars burn, you have to keep
the override switch handle
in the up position
for the entire duration of the burn.
Copy that.
If we were able to insert this code
directly into what MOCR's uplinking,
it might be able to prevent
their shutdown command
from stopping the Mars orbit capture burn.
But how are we going to modify it
if they're still writing it?
I'll input it right before uplink.
Let's do it.
But I'm gonna input the code.
- Aleida. No. Absolutely not.
- There are too many eyes on you.
It has to be me.
Or it will never work.
Override is still engaged. Holding steady.
Okay. Don't let the unit
touch the hull plate.
An ion charge could fry the circuits.
Copy.
Sam, are you there?
Come in, Sam.
I've got company.
It's Palmer.
The reactor shutdown path
is almost done compiling.
Gotta send the command in the next 60
seconds if it's gonna get there in time.
I'm typing as fast as I can.
Okay. Done.
Uplink complete.
Come on. Come on. Come on, Palmer.
No!
Sam? Sam!
The override switch
is locked in the up position.
Looks like
she used her tether to secure it.
The goddamn carabiner's jammed closed.
Gonna have to try and cut through it.
Okay. Do it fast.
We have less than a minute.
Come on. Come on.
I'm almost through.
Hurry, Palmer! You've got 12 seconds.
One last tether.
Ranger. Engine shutdown for Earth burn.
In five.
Four.
Three.
- Two.
- One.
Happy Valley, Ranger.
We have negative engine shutdown.
I say again,
we have negative engine shutdown.
Oh, wow!
Son of a bitch.
Yeah!
Commander, the asteroid
is on track to enter Mars' orbit.
- Commander?
- I heard you.
I just need a minute.
What happened?
Why didn't it work?
The engines are still on.
I don't know.
The calculations were right.
And the code was successfully
inserted into the uplink packet.
Something's off here.
The-The shutdown reactor command was sent,
but it was immediately
superseded by a restart command?
Someone messed with this code.
I even checked to make sure we haven't
missed any contributors to comm latency.
You did this.
You.
What? That's absurd.
Seth was still encoding while I
was writing the command sequence.
And besides, you don't have
the expertise required to know--
Perhaps not,
but I can tell when someone is lying.
As you are now.
Take her into custody.
- Right now. She has deceived--
- Irina, that is a serious accusation.
She and Ayesa have
always had their own agenda.
Aleida.
That's not true, is it?
You di-- Did you do this?
- No. No, I didn't.
- It wasn't her.
I inserted the reactor restart command.
Aleida had nothing to do with it.
No.
Not you.
You shouldn't have done that, Margo.
There will be consequences.
I know.
In a brazen act, an unknown group
has taken control of asteroid 2003LC.
More widely known as Goldilocks.
In light of this action,
the asteroid is no longer headed to Earth
but has in fact gone into Mars' orbit.
News of the asteroid's hijacking
has reverberated around the world
with calls from both presidents
Gore and Korzhenko
to convene an emergency meeting of the M-7
as well as the UN Security Council.
A rare sign of unity--
Authorities say it is still unclear
who exactly is behind the hijacking.
NASA administrator Eli Hobson
has vowed that anyone found to be involved
will be prosecuted
to the fullest extent of the law.
Stop. We're stationed over there.
Pack them two by two in the corner.
I'll be right back.
- Make sure--
- Guess it's automatic.
- All right. All right.
- This goes in the breech.
Bishop, what is this?
We got the green light from Houston.
To go into North Korea?
Affirmative.
Isn't this all a little excessive?
It's over.
We don't know what we're walking into.
And I have orders.
I was not told about any of this.
- Things are moving fast, ma'am.
- That may be.
But the last time I checked I am
still the commander of this base.
So unless the word comes from me,
there will be no raid.
Due respect, my orders come directly from
the DOD and they supersede your command.
Let's move out!
- Here we go!
- Let's go!
Okay. Let's move.
Who else is in your crew?
Who are you working with?
What the fuck?
Oh, God.
Are you okay?
Come on. Let's get out of here. Let's go.
Guns in place. Preparing to breach.
Assessing the situation out. We'll advise.
Try that one.
They are here.
Shit.
- Miles, are you okay?
- Yeah.
Do you hear what's happening?
What?
They're about to attack
the North Korean quarters.
Ed, Sparks, Rich,
they're all in there right now.
We gotta do something.
- I'm tired of this shit.
- Yeah.
It's time we remind them
who really runs this base. Right?
Yeah!
- Let's do it!
- Who's with me?
- Yeah!
Here. Go ahead.
Open that door.
That's it.
Sir! The Americans, they are coming in!
Keep them out!
We must protect our territory!
Yes sir! Let's go!
Confirm...
Clear!
Fire in the hole!
Stay here.
Three. Two. One.
Stop!
Oh, shit!
No!
What the fuck is--
My God...
Hey! All right. Listen.
That's enough! Let her go!
- Stop!
- Jesus!
Hey! Stop! Stop! Stop!
Break this up.
Hey! Stop! Stop.
- Hey!
- Get off of me!
- Break it up!
- Hey! Hey. Hey!
- Break this up!
- It's your fault!
- No! Calm down!
- Hey! Break it up! No, no!
- You have got to break it up!
Dani?
No, no.
No, no. Hey.
No. Hey.
No. No, no.
Hey. Hey.
Help! Come on!
We gotta get her to Dima.
Help me up, Lynn.
Get out of the way.
Clear the way!
Maintain pressure.
Start an IV.
Inserting line now.
I need three liters, normal saline.
Get her on O2.
Hey, Dani. Look at me. Hey.
You're gonna be fine.
Okay? You're gonna be fine.
You got this.
Lungs are wet.
She's aspirating.
And stand by with something.
I need room.
Vitals are failing.
I need to start a central line.
Where is my X-ray?
We need to operate immediately.
Pupils are blown. Stay with us, Dani.
- Still dropping.
- You hang in there, Dani.
Maintain pressure.
Compress rate increasing.
BP 80 over 40 and falling.
- Pulse 130, IV below--
- Come on.
You can't let them do this.
I don't have a choice.
The Russians withdrew
her diplomatic immunity.
It'll be okay, Aleida.
I've always been captivated
with the idea of justice.
It's what attracted me
to engineering in the first place.
The sense of right and wrong.
That I was in control.
Comrade Morozova,
please come in.
But the truth is
the world is not as simple
as we want it to be.
It can't just be boiled down
into an equation.
Especially when it comes to human beings.
We are flawed,
unpredictable, and full of contradictions.
It's taken me most of my life to realize
it's exactly these traits
that make us so resilient.
That give credence to the
improbable idea that anything is possible.
Even in the darkest of times.
Your Honor, I was always told
that we shouldn't let personal feelings
cloud our search for the truth.
But looking back now,
I don't think that's right.
Our feelings may not be convenient.
They may even slow our progress.
But they are also the only way to truly
begin to understand
the world around us.
And the new worlds that await us.